<Opening Script>
A thousand years ago the Holy Martyr Petros (first of his name) willingly gave his life and was bathed in the sanctified light of God, proving the worth of mankind to their all-powerful creator.

God looked down upon this one man’s sacrifice and blessed the lands of Parva Mundi. The sins of mankind were instantly washed away, and the world was renewed in spirit, faith and generosity.

Generations have now passed and though the stories of the Martyr Petros are still told in the chapels and cathedrals of the lands, the many denominations that divided the faith bickered and argued over their version of the tale, often leading to conflict.

The increase in reformations eventually forced the hand of Our Enlightened Saviour, Pontiff Bontiface VIII, to act against the heathens that he had proclaimed strayed far. He soon began excommunicating kings, sieging castles, seizing lands under the claim that “all human creatures were subject to this rule”.

Travelling the lands in a golden carriage protected by his most dedicated holy knights, Bontiface VIII proselytizing or burning villages in his wake. He ordered local clergymen drawn and quartered for condemning his actions as foretold in the Apocalypsis Tome.

One night he forcefully took a local woman for his own, ordering her family crucified for daring to resist the Will of God, then bedded her as her family screamed nearby.

When the villagers came to enact revenge on the Pontiff, his Holy Knights could not stop the tide as they dragged him to the granary and slowly pulverised his body beneath its great stone wheel, beginning with his toes. 

The screams of the Pontiff masked the sounds of demonic creatures crawling forth from the earth and dragging the nearby village to Hell.

Before anyone to act, it was too late. The End Times were upon them.

<Turn One Dialog>
Knight: "Cardinal, fisherman are telling tales of gaping maws from Hell consuming the very oceans!"
Cardinal: "Such tales are folly. You cannot beleve the words of peasants, they are not men of the cloth."
Knight: "Yes, your Eminence. I shall have these heretics put to the sword immediately." 

<Turn Six Dialog>
Knight: "Cardinal, the oceans have been drawn into the very bowels of Hell. Its waters cannot quench the thirst of the Devil, and our people can stand at the end of the world and gaze into madness!"
Cardinal: "This is surely the work of heretics. Muster your armies and besiege the other cities of the land. Once they have been purified our faith in God will save these lands."
Knight: "As you wish your Eminence. That God has spoken to you is a blessing for our people. If the others do not listen, we will trap them in their homes and burn them to the ground!"
Cardinal: "Excellent."

<Turn Twenty Dialog>
Knight: "Your Eminence, I return from my campaign abroad with news. Hellfire demons have clawed onto the land and"
Cardinal: "Continue
Knight: "

<Turn Fifty Dialog>


<End Game Dialog>